#### FPPickerControllerDelegate

```objc
- (void)fpPickerController:(FPPickerController *)pickerController didFinishPickingMediaWithInfo:(FPMediaInfo *)info;
```
- Called after Filepicker finished picking a media.
- At this point the associated media file should be present in `info.mediaURL`.
- Properties in `info`:
    - `mediaURL`
        - A local `NSURL` pointing to the file
            - e.g: `assets-library://asset/asset.JPG?id=1000000001&ext=JPG`
    - `mediaType`
        - The `UTType` for the file
            - e.g: `public.image`
    - `remoteURL`
        - A `NSString` with the URL for the file
            - e.g: https://www.filepicker.io/api/file/we9f3kf93qls0)
    - `filename`
        - A `NSString` with the filename
            - e.g: `202342304.jpg`
    - `filesize` *(when available)*
        - A `NSNumber` with the filesize in bytes
            - e.g: `1048576`
    - `key` *(when available)*
        - An S3 key if the developer has set up Amazon S3 account at Filepicker.io
            - e.g: JENAoTrDSPGFMrdxMd2R_photo.jpg
    - `source` *(when available)*
        - A `FPSource` used for retrieving the media
    - `originalAsset` *(when available; iOS only)*
        - A `ALAsset` pointing to the original asset from the camera roll
    - `thumbnailImage` *(when available; iOS only)*
        - A thumbnail-sized `UIImage` representing the media (only applies to image media)
- Methods in `info`:
    - `containsImageAtMediaURL`
        - YES if `mediaURL` contains an image; no otherwise
    - `containsVideoAtMediaURL`
        - YES if `mediaURL` contains a video; no otherwise

```objc
- (void)fpPickerController:(FPPickerController *)pickerController didPickMediaWithInfo:(FPMediaInfo *)info;
```
- Called after Filepicker picked a media.
- Properties in `info`:
    - `thumbnailImage` *(when available; iOS only)*
        - A thumbnail-sized `UIImage` representing the media

```objc
- (void)fpPickerControllerDidCancel:(FPPickerController *)pickerController;
```
- Typically called when the picking process is cancelled or a file can't be handled.

```objc
- (void)fpPickerController:(FPPickerController *)pickerController didFinishPickingMultipleMediaWithResults:(NSArray *)results;
```
- Called after Filepicker finished picking multiple media.
- At this point the associated media file for each item should be present at info.mediaURL.

#### FPSaveControllerDelegate Methods

```objc
- (void)fpSaveController:(FPSaveController *)saveController didFinishSavingMediaWithInfo:(FPMediaInfo *)info;
```
- Called after Filepicker finished saving a media.

```objc
- (void)fpSaveController:(FPSaveController *)saveController didError:(NSError *)error;
```
- Called when Filepicker failed saving a media.

```objc
- (void)fpSaveControllerDidCancel:(FPSaveController *)saveController;
```
- Typically called when the save process is cancelled or a file can't be handled.
